Forward port of tendermint/tendermint#7605, tendermint/spec#393, and tendermint/tendermint#8142 (#2018)
cometbft/cometbft: spec/core/data_structures.md

Author: Any issue number we can include here (so there's a "mention" note pointing to this comment)?

Reviewer: #2110

The CometBFT blockchain consists of a short list of data types:

- [Data Structures](#data-structures)
  - [Block](#block)
  - [Execution](#execution)
  - [Header](#header)
  - [Version](#version)
  - [BlockID](#blockid)
  - [PartSetHeader](#partsetheader)
  - [Part](#part)
  - [Time](#time)
  - [Data](#data)
  - [Commit](#commit)

>   - [ExtendedCommit](#extendedcommit)

Author: This is passing linter, so I'll leave it as is

|---------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| pub_key_types | repeated string | List of accepted public key types. Uses same naming as `PubKey.Type`. | 1            |

### ABCIParams

| Name                          | Type  | Description                   | Field Number |
| ----------------------------- | ----- | ----------------------------- | ------------ |

> | vote_extensions_enable_height | int64 | The ABCI application version. | 1            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| vote_extensions_enable_height | int64 | The height where vote extensions will be enabled. | 1            |
```

### VersionParams

| Name        | Type   | Description                                       | Field Number |
| ----------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |

> | app_version | uint64 | The height where vote extensions will be enabled. | 1            |

Author: Indeed, thanks for pointing out (this is the obvious cherry-picking mistake we saw during the pair-programming session a couple of weeks ago)

### SynchronyParams

| Name          | Type                                                                                                                               | Description                                                                                                             | Field Number |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |

> | message_delay | [google.protobuf.Duration](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/google.protobuf#google.protobuf.Duration) | Bound for how long a proposal message may take to reach all validators on a network and still be considered valid.      | 1            |

Author: I see. I'll fix the anchor part of the link.
